README.md, before:

#JavaScript/Python CodeWars Review

**(JavaScript first, Python below-second-)**

**Archive of completed CodeWars exercises, languages - JavaScript, Python**

*Short description and number in chronological order.*

#JAVASCRIPT

- 1 Utilize Math.PI and conditional - alternate solutions, just fooling around

- 2 Calculate the decibel of a sound wave, given its intensity as a parameter for the dBScale/db_scale function

- 3 Given an object (array) of integers, return the binary equivalent of the sum of the elements

- 4 Fix the below javascript code without removing any lines of code. The intended output is Hello World.

- 5 Work with OOP, javascript - introduction to constructor concept, differs from ruby - experimenting

- 6 Fix this helloWorld function

- 7 Return string with no whitespace, form object (string)

- 8 Write function avg which calculates average of numbers in given list.



- 9 Write a method sum (sum_array in python) that takes an array of numbers and
  returns the sum of the numbers. These may be integers or decimals for Ruby and any
  instance of Num for Haskell. The numbers can also be negative. If the array does not
  contain any numbers then you should return 0.



- 10 In javascript, Array is one of basic data types. Define an empty array can use var arr=new Array() or var arr=[]

  Array has an attribute: length, if there is an array named arr, using arr.length to know how many elements are  
 contained in the array.

  Each element in the array has an index, use arr[index] to get the value of element.

  index always start from 0, so the first element of array is arr[0], the last element of array is arr[arr.length-1].

  If we want to add new elements to the array, you can use the array method: push(). It can add an element to the
  end of the array. Instead, if we want to remove the last element of the array, you can use the array method:
  pop(). for example:



- 11 I've create three function, and defined some global variables, please select some variables that can make up
 the name of the function, and return them(Please note the uppercase and lowercase letters are different).

 After mission 1 finished. you should click "Submit" to see my three questions, and write the answer in function
 answer1,  answer2,answer3



- 12 Find the last element of a list.



- 13 As you probably know, Fibonacci sequence are the numbers in the following integer sequence:
 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13... Write a method that takes the index as an argument and returns last
 fibonacci number.



- 14 (could not solve with JavaScript - this is someone elses solution)!!! --- Kept getting infinite, (index) to high

 As you probably know, Fibonacci sequence are the numbers in the following integer sequence:
 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13... Write a method that takes the index as an argument and returns last
 digit of (index) fibonacci number.



- 15 At the annual family gathering, the family likes to find the oldest living family member’s age and the
 youngest  family member’s age and calculate the difference between them.

 You will be given an array of all the family members' ages, in any order. The ages will be given in whole numbers,  
 so a baby of 5 months, will have an ascribed ‘age’ of 0. Return a new array with [youngest age, oldest age,
 difference between the youngest and oldest age].



- 16 Concatenate strings.



- 17 Create a function that takes an integer as an argument and returns "Even" for even numbers or "Odd"
 for odd numbers.



- 18 Simple, remove the spaces from the string, then return the resultant string.



- 19 Remove a exclamation mark from the end of string. For a beginner kata, you can assume that the input data
 is always a string, no need to verify it.



- 20 You need to write a function that reverses the words in a given string. A word can also fit an empty string.
 If this is not clear enough, here are some examples:



- 21 Write a function to split a string and convert it into an array of words.



- 22 We need a function that can transform a number/boolean into a string.
 What ways of achieving this do you know?



- 23 Your task is to make two functions, max and min (maximum and minimum in PHP) that take a(n) array/vector of
 integers list as input and outputs, respectively, the largest and lowest number in that array/vector.



- 24 The function findDigit takes two numbers as input, num and nth. It outputs the nth digit of num (counting from
 right to left).

  Note

  If num is negative, ignore its sign and treat it as a positive value.
  If nth is not positive, return -1.
  Keep in mind that 42 = 00042. This means that findDigit(42, 5) would return 0.

- 25 We need a function that can transform a string into a number. What ways of achieving this do you know?

- 26 A function is a block of code that takes an input and produces an output. In this example, boolean_to_string is
 a function whose input is either true or false, and whose output is the string representation of the input, either
 "true" or "false".

- 27 Complete the bool_to_word (Javascript: boolToWord ) method.
 Given: a boolean value
 Return: a 'Yes' string for true and a 'No' string for false

- 28 It's the academic year's end, fateful moment of your school report. The averages must be calculated. All the
 students come to you and entreat you to calculate their average for them. Easy ! You just need to write a script.
 Return the average of the given array rounded down to its nearest integer.
 The array will never be empty.

- 29 Make a function that counts how many more (or less) pieces of toast you need in the toasters, you want 6
 pieces. Even though you may need more or less, the number will still be positive, not negative.

- 30 Debug this function to make the tests pass, operations ( +, * ) on arrays,
 and the reverse of a string in an interesting way.

- 31 I created this function to add five to any number that was passed in to it and return the new value. It doesn't
 throw any errors but it returns the wrong number.

- 32 Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower
 each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they
 are in love.

 Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false
 if they aren't.

- 33 Positive integers that are divisible exactly by the sum of their digits are called Harshad numbers, see
 Wikipedia for further details.
 Write a function numberJoy() which tests if a positive integer n is Harshad and returns True if the product of its
 digit sum, and its digit sum reversed, equals n. Otherwise return False.

- 34 (Needed assistance, didnt solve on my own) Invert a given list of integer values.






#PYTHON

- 1 Remove all whitespace from object (string)

- 2 Multiply two integers and return the product

- 3 Return (Even) or (Odd) depending on the integer value of (number)

- 4 Simple, given a string of words, return the length of the shortest word(s).
 String will never be empty and you do not need to account for different data types.

- 5 Sum all the numbers of the array (in F# and Haskell you get a list) except the highest and the lowest element  
 (the value, not the index!).
 (The highest/lowest element is respectively only one element at each edge, even if there are more than one with the
 same value!)

- 6 In this little assignment you are given a string of space separated numbers, and have to return the highest and
 lowest number.

- 7 Write function avg which calculates average of numbers in given list.

- 8 Return the given string (st) with the order of words reversed.

- 9 Alex just got a new hula hoop, he loves it but feels discouraged because his little brother is better than him
 Write a program where Alex can input (n) how many times the hoop goes round and it will return him an encouraging
 message :)
 -If Alex gets 10 or more hoops, return the string "Great, now move on to tricks".
 -If he doesn't get 10 hoops, return the string "Keep at it until you get it".

- 10 Given a random string consisting of numbers, letters, symbols, you need to sum up the numbers in the string.
 Note:
 Consecutive integers should be treated as a single number. eg, 2015 should be treated as a single number 2015, NOT \
 four numbers
 All the numbers should be treaded as positive integer. eg, 11-14 should be treated as two numbers 11 and 14. Same  
 as
 3.14, should be treated as two numbers 3 and 14
 If no number was given in the string, it should return 0

- 11 Return boolean (true, false) confirming if (string) is an isogram (contains no duplicate characters).

- 12 Simple correction of 'order of operations' function.

- 13 Return true if string contains only digits, false otherwise or false if empty.

- 14 Find length of shortest word in string. (Python sort is alphabetic. you have to define key=len)

- 15 Your friend advised you to see a new performance in the most popular theater in the city. He knows a lot about
 art and his advice is usually good, but not this time: the performance turned out to be awfully dull. It's so bad
 you want to sneak out, which is quite simple, especially since the exit is located right behind your row to the
 left. All you need to do is climb over your seat and make your way to the exit.

 The main problem is your shyness: you're afraid that you'll end up blocking the view (even if only for a couple of
 seconds) of all the people who sit behind you and in your column or the columns to your left. To gain some
 courage, you decide to calculate the number of such people and see if you can possibly make it to the exit without
 disturbing too many people.

 Given the total number of rows and columns in the theater (nRows and nCols, respectively), and the row and column
 you're sitting in, return the number of people who sit strictly behind you and in your column or to the left,
 assuming all seats are occupied.

 - 16 Create a method is_uppercase() to see whether the string is ALL CAPS.

 - 17 Give a list, find the average of all the values.

- 18 Write a function getMean that takes as parameters an array (arr) and 2 integers (x and y). The function should
 return the mean between the mean of the the first x elements of the array and the mean of the last y elements of
 the array.

 The mean should be computed if both x and y have values higher than 1 but less or equal to the array's length.
 Otherwise the function should return -1.

- 19 Consider an array of sheep where some sheep may be missing from their place. We need a function that counts the
 number of sheep present in the array (true means present).

- 20 Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower
 each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they
 are in love.

 Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false
 if they aren't.

- 21 Positive integers that are divisible exactly by the sum of their digits are called Harshad numbers, see
 Wikipedia for further details.
 Write a function numberJoy() which tests if a positive integer n is Harshad and returns True if the product of its
 digit sum, and its digit sum reversed, equals n. Otherwise return False.

- 22 Complete the squareSum method so that it squares each number passed into it and then sums the results together.

- 23 Given a list of integers, invert the values of all integers from negative to positive or positive to negative.

- 24 Identical Elements
 Compare two lists and return boolean based on whether they contain any of the same values.

Commit message:

Python, 25, Volume of a Cuboid, description, README

README.md, after:

#JavaScript/Python CodeWars Review

**(JavaScript first, Python below-second-)**

**Archive of completed CodeWars exercises, languages - JavaScript, Python**

*Short description and number in chronological order.*

#JAVASCRIPT

- 1 Utilize Math.PI and conditional - alternate solutions, just fooling around

- 2 Calculate the decibel of a sound wave, given its intensity as a parameter for the dBScale/db_scale function

- 3 Given an object (array) of integers, return the binary equivalent of the sum of the elements

- 4 Fix the below javascript code without removing any lines of code. The intended output is Hello World.

- 5 Work with OOP, javascript - introduction to constructor concept, differs from ruby - experimenting

- 6 Fix this helloWorld function

- 7 Return string with no whitespace, form object (string)

- 8 Write function avg which calculates average of numbers in given list.



- 9 Write a method sum (sum_array in python) that takes an array of numbers and
  returns the sum of the numbers. These may be integers or decimals for Ruby and any
  instance of Num for Haskell. The numbers can also be negative. If the array does not
  contain any numbers then you should return 0.



- 10 In javascript, Array is one of basic data types. Define an empty array can use var arr=new Array() or var arr=[]

  Array has an attribute: length, if there is an array named arr, using arr.length to know how many elements are  
 contained in the array.

  Each element in the array has an index, use arr[index] to get the value of element.

  index always start from 0, so the first element of array is arr[0], the last element of array is arr[arr.length-1].

  If we want to add new elements to the array, you can use the array method: push(). It can add an element to the
  end of the array. Instead, if we want to remove the last element of the array, you can use the array method:
  pop(). for example:



- 11 I've create three function, and defined some global variables, please select some variables that can make up
 the name of the function, and return them(Please note the uppercase and lowercase letters are different).

 After mission 1 finished. you should click "Submit" to see my three questions, and write the answer in function
 answer1,  answer2,answer3



- 12 Find the last element of a list.



- 13 As you probably know, Fibonacci sequence are the numbers in the following integer sequence:
 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13... Write a method that takes the index as an argument and returns last
 fibonacci number.



- 14 (could not solve with JavaScript - this is someone elses solution)!!! --- Kept getting infinite, (index) to high

 As you probably know, Fibonacci sequence are the numbers in the following integer sequence:
 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13... Write a method that takes the index as an argument and returns last
 digit of (index) fibonacci number.



- 15 At the annual family gathering, the family likes to find the oldest living family member’s age and the
 youngest  family member’s age and calculate the difference between them.

 You will be given an array of all the family members' ages, in any order. The ages will be given in whole numbers,  
 so a baby of 5 months, will have an ascribed ‘age’ of 0. Return a new array with [youngest age, oldest age,
 difference between the youngest and oldest age].



- 16 Concatenate strings.



- 17 Create a function that takes an integer as an argument and returns "Even" for even numbers or "Odd"
 for odd numbers.



- 18 Simple, remove the spaces from the string, then return the resultant string.



- 19 Remove a exclamation mark from the end of string. For a beginner kata, you can assume that the input data
 is always a string, no need to verify it.



- 20 You need to write a function that reverses the words in a given string. A word can also fit an empty string.
 If this is not clear enough, here are some examples:



- 21 Write a function to split a string and convert it into an array of words.



- 22 We need a function that can transform a number/boolean into a string.
 What ways of achieving this do you know?



- 23 Your task is to make two functions, max and min (maximum and minimum in PHP) that take a(n) array/vector of
 integers list as input and outputs, respectively, the largest and lowest number in that array/vector.



- 24 The function findDigit takes two numbers as input, num and nth. It outputs the nth digit of num (counting from
 right to left).

  Note

  If num is negative, ignore its sign and treat it as a positive value.
  If nth is not positive, return -1.
  Keep in mind that 42 = 00042. This means that findDigit(42, 5) would return 0.

- 25 We need a function that can transform a string into a number. What ways of achieving this do you know?

- 26 A function is a block of code that takes an input and produces an output. In this example, boolean_to_string is
 a function whose input is either true or false, and whose output is the string representation of the input, either
 "true" or "false".

- 27 Complete the bool_to_word (Javascript: boolToWord ) method.
 Given: a boolean value
 Return: a 'Yes' string for true and a 'No' string for false

- 28 It's the academic year's end, fateful moment of your school report. The averages must be calculated. All the
 students come to you and entreat you to calculate their average for them. Easy ! You just need to write a script.
 Return the average of the given array rounded down to its nearest integer.
 The array will never be empty.

- 29 Make a function that counts how many more (or less) pieces of toast you need in the toasters, you want 6
 pieces. Even though you may need more or less, the number will still be positive, not negative.

- 30 Debug this function to make the tests pass, operations ( +, * ) on arrays,
 and the reverse of a string in an interesting way.

- 31 I created this function to add five to any number that was passed in to it and return the new value. It doesn't
 throw any errors but it returns the wrong number.

- 32 Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower
 each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they
 are in love.

 Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false
 if they aren't.

- 33 Positive integers that are divisible exactly by the sum of their digits are called Harshad numbers, see
 Wikipedia for further details.
 Write a function numberJoy() which tests if a positive integer n is Harshad and returns True if the product of its
 digit sum, and its digit sum reversed, equals n. Otherwise return False.

- 34 (Needed assistance, didnt solve on my own) Invert a given list of integer values.






#PYTHON

- 1 Remove all whitespace from object (string)

- 2 Multiply two integers and return the product

- 3 Return (Even) or (Odd) depending on the integer value of (number)

- 4 Simple, given a string of words, return the length of the shortest word(s).
 String will never be empty and you do not need to account for different data types.

- 5 Sum all the numbers of the array (in F# and Haskell you get a list) except the highest and the lowest element  
 (the value, not the index!).
 (The highest/lowest element is respectively only one element at each edge, even if there are more than one with the
 same value!)

- 6 In this little assignment you are given a string of space separated numbers, and have to return the highest and
 lowest number.

- 7 Write function avg which calculates average of numbers in given list.

- 8 Return the given string (st) with the order of words reversed.

- 9 Alex just got a new hula hoop, he loves it but feels discouraged because his little brother is better than him
 Write a program where Alex can input (n) how many times the hoop goes round and it will return him an encouraging
 message :)
 -If Alex gets 10 or more hoops, return the string "Great, now move on to tricks".
 -If he doesn't get 10 hoops, return the string "Keep at it until you get it".

- 10 Given a random string consisting of numbers, letters, symbols, you need to sum up the numbers in the string.
 Note:
 Consecutive integers should be treated as a single number. eg, 2015 should be treated as a single number 2015, NOT \
 four numbers
 All the numbers should be treaded as positive integer. eg, 11-14 should be treated as two numbers 11 and 14. Same  
 as
 3.14, should be treated as two numbers 3 and 14
 If no number was given in the string, it should return 0

- 11 Return boolean (true, false) confirming if (string) is an isogram (contains no duplicate characters).

- 12 Simple correction of 'order of operations' function.

- 13 Return true if string contains only digits, false otherwise or false if empty.

- 14 Find length of shortest word in string. (Python sort is alphabetic. you have to define key=len)

- 15 Your friend advised you to see a new performance in the most popular theater in the city. He knows a lot about
 art and his advice is usually good, but not this time: the performance turned out to be awfully dull. It's so bad
 you want to sneak out, which is quite simple, especially since the exit is located right behind your row to the
 left. All you need to do is climb over your seat and make your way to the exit.

 The main problem is your shyness: you're afraid that you'll end up blocking the view (even if only for a couple of
 seconds) of all the people who sit behind you and in your column or the columns to your left. To gain some
 courage, you decide to calculate the number of such people and see if you can possibly make it to the exit without
 disturbing too many people.

 Given the total number of rows and columns in the theater (nRows and nCols, respectively), and the row and column
 you're sitting in, return the number of people who sit strictly behind you and in your column or to the left,
 assuming all seats are occupied.

 - 16 Create a method is_uppercase() to see whether the string is ALL CAPS.

 - 17 Give a list, find the average of all the values.

- 18 Write a function getMean that takes as parameters an array (arr) and 2 integers (x and y). The function should
 return the mean between the mean of the the first x elements of the array and the mean of the last y elements of
 the array.

 The mean should be computed if both x and y have values higher than 1 but less or equal to the array's length.
 Otherwise the function should return -1.

- 19 Consider an array of sheep where some sheep may be missing from their place. We need a function that counts the
 number of sheep present in the array (true means present).

- 20 Timmy & Sarah think they are in love, but around where they live, they will only know once they pick a flower
 each. If one of the flowers has an even number of petals and the other has an odd number of petals it means they
 are in love.

 Write a function that will take the number of petals of each flower and return true if they are in love and false
 if they aren't.

- 21 Positive integers that are divisible exactly by the sum of their digits are called Harshad numbers, see
 Wikipedia for further details.
 Write a function numberJoy() which tests if a positive integer n is Harshad and returns True if the product of its
 digit sum, and its digit sum reversed, equals n. Otherwise return False.

- 22 Complete the squareSum method so that it squares each number passed into it and then sums the results together.

- 23 Given a list of integers, invert the values of all integers from negative to positive or positive to negative.

- 24 "Identical Elements"
 Compare two lists and return boolean based on whether they contain any of the same values.

- 25 "Volume of a Cuboid"
 Return the volume of a cube, given the dimensions.
